.TH SPKG 1 "April 2005" "spkg-1.0.0"
.SH NAME
spkg \- Slackware Linux Fast Package Management Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B spkg
[ \fB-p \fI<prg>[:o]\fR ]
[ \fB-d \fI<dev>[:o]\fR ]
[ \fB-f \fI<fmt>[:o]\fR ]
[ \fB-l \fI<file>\fR ]
[ \fB-c \fI<cmd>[:p]\fR ]
[ \fB-s \fI<file>\fR ]
[ \fI...\fR ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBspkg\fR is tool for package management under \fISlackware Linux\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Programmer
.TP
\fB-p\fR | \fB--progr \fI<prg>[:o]\fR
\fI<prg>\fR is name of programmer to be selected.
.SS Device
.TP
\fB-d\fR | \fB--device \fI<dev>[:o]\fR
\fI<dev>\fR specifies which device shoud be selected for programming. This option
must be preceeded with \fB--progr\fR option.
.SS File
.TP
\fB-f\fR | \fB--format \fI<fmt>[:o]\fR
Sets data format \fI<fmt>\fR for following load/save options.
.TP
\fB-l\fR | \fB--load \fI<file>\fR
Load data for next command from file \fI<file>\fR
.TP
\fB-s\fR | \fB--save \fI<file>\fR
Save data from last command to file \fI<file>\fR
.SS Help
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Prints the version and then exits.
.TP
\fB--help\fR
Prints the detailed help and then exits.
.TP
\fB--help-progrs\fR
Prints the list of supported programmers and then exits.
.TP
\fB--help-devices\fR
Prints the the list od supported devices and then exits.
.TP
\fB--help-formats\fR
Prints the the list of supported data formats and then exits.
.TP
\fB--help-commands \fI<dev>\fR
Prints the list of commands supported by the device and then exits.
.SH FILES
.IP "~/.pictoolrc"
Per-user pictool profiles definition file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "# pictool -p piccolo -d pic16f84 -c erase -f inhx8m -l data.hex -c load:pm,cw"
Erase device and load prog. and conf. memory of pic16f84 device using piccolo:
.IP "# pictool -p piccolo -d pic16f877 -c read -f inhx8m -s data.hex"
Read memmory of pic16f877 to the file:
.IP "# pictool -p piccolo -d pic16f84 -c load:cw=0x3ffa"
Set configuration word of pic16f84:
.SH AUTHOR
This version of
.B pictool
has been written by Ondrej Jirman <megous@host.sk>.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to the <megous@host.sk>, providing as much information as 
possible--your hardware, kernel, patches, settings, all printed messages.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR piccolo (1),
.BR .pictoolrc (8)
