.TH SPKG 8 "July 2006" "spkg"
.SH NAME
spkg \- The Unofficial \fISlackware Linux\fR Package Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B spkg
[\fB-i\fR|\fB--install\fR]
[\fB-u\fR|\fB--upgrade\fR]
[\fB-d\fR|\fB--remove\fR]
[\fB-l\fR|\fB--list\fR]
[\fB--root\fR \fIROOT\fR]
[\fB-n\fR|\fB--dry-run\fR]
[\fB-s\fR|\fB--safe\fR] 
[\fB--reinstall\fR] 
[\fB--install-new\fR] 
[\fB--no-fast-symlinks\fR] 
[\fB--no-scripts\fR] 
[\fB--no-ldconfig\fR] 
[\fB--no-gtk-update-icon-cache\fR] 
[\fB-q\fR|\fB--quiet\fR] 
[\fB-v\fR|\fB--verbose\fR]
[\fIpackages...\fR]
.CM ===========================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBspkg\fR is a fast and robust tool for \fISlackware Linux\fR package management.
.CM ===========================================================================
.SH COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS
.SS Commands
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB--install\fR
Install given packages.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--upgrade\fR
Upgrade given packages.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--remove\fR
Remove given packages. You may use shortname, full name or package file name
to specify packages to be removed.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--list\fR
List names of all installed packages. You may use -v option to show package
details too. Adding package shortname on the command line will make list
limited to that specific packages. You may use glob matching to specify
package names. For example to list all kde packages use 'spkg -l *kde*'.
.CM ===========================================================================
.SS Options
.TP
\fB--root=\fIROOT\fR
Set alternate root directory for package operations. You can also use ROOT
environment variable. (default: "/")
.TP
\fB-v\fR | \fB--verbose\fR
Increase verbosity level. When used once, files and
directories that are affected by particular operation
will be shown. When used twice, everything that is
done will be reported.
.TP
\fB-q\fR | \fB--quiet\fR
Decrease verbosity level. Default is to show info
messages and warnings. This option disables warnings
when used once. When used twice it will completely
disable output except for error messages.
.TP
\fB-n\fR | \fB--dry-run\fR
Don't modify filesystem or database. This may be useful when used along
with -v option to check what exactly would given command do.
.TP
\fB-s\fR | \fB--safe\fR
Play it safe. Don't replace existing files during --install or --upgrade.
Don't run post-installation scripts. Don't remove changed files on
--remove.
.TP
\fB--reinstall\fR | \fB-reinstall\fR
When upgrading package and package already exists in the database,
force reinstall.
.TP
\fB--install-new\fR
When upgrading package that does not yet exist in the database,
install it instead.
.TP
\fB--no-fast-symlinks\fR
Spkg by default parses doinst.sh for symlink creation code and removes
it from the script. This improves execution times of doinst.sh. Use
this option to disable such optimizations.
.TP
\fB--no-scripts\fR
Disable postinstallation script.
.TP
\fB--no-ldconfig\fR
Don't execute ldconfig after installation and upgrade.
.TP
\fB--no-gtk-update-icon-cache\fR
When a package includes a .desktop file, in other words when a package
includes a menu entry, spkg by default runs gtk-update-icon-cache, so
that the icon cache will be updated, ensuring that the menu icon will
be displayed properly at all times. Using this option, this behaviour
is disabled. Useful if you want to install a large number of packages
that include menu entries; installation will be faster without updating
the icon cache after installing every package. The user could run
gtk-update-icon-cache manually after all packages have been installed.
.CM ===========================================================================
.SS Help
.TP
\fB--usage\fR
Display brief usage message.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Show long help.
.TP
\fB-V\fR, \fB--version\fR
Display spkg version.
.CM ===========================================================================
.SH FILES
.IP "/var/log/{packages,scripts}"
Package database.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
spkg -i <packages>   [--install]
.TP
spkg -dv <packages>  [--remove --verbose]
.TP
spkg -u <packages>   [--upgrade]
.TP
spkg -uvn <packages> [--upgrade --verbose --dry-run]
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Ondrej Jirman, 2005-2006
.TP
Official website: http://spkg.megous.com
.SH BUGS
Bug reports can be sent to <megous@megous.com>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR installpkg (8),
.BR removepkg (8),
.BR upgradepkg (8)
